[Music]
hi
like to come in comas actually this way
[Music]
we left things
and I'm like it
something else
I got home tonight running on doing I
always do my diary like I have been
since my mom gave me one when I was done
so I got everything out everything I'm
feeling it all goes and in these little
books and I hide on the second shelf we
have this really hideous ceramic mermaid
but then I realized that I'd just be
writing things that would you
I would write dear diary today I
finished myself and it's okay to pick up
don't take risks stick with the status
quo no drama now is just not the time
but my reasons aren't reasons they're
excuses all I'm doing is hiding from the
truth and the truth is that I'm scared
I'm just there that if I let myself be
happy for even one moment that the worst
is going to come crashing down
Dualla known what i would write
I met a girl we talked
it was epic
then the Sun came up reality said
well this is reality
[Music]
right here